All right welcome back to the students on this section.
We've got to learn about uploading files right.
So let's go to a form and I'm already in the create view.
OK.
So see a mass.
We were resources views and of course the Post folder and the Create view.
All right.
So now in order for us to receive data write to actually tell this form listen we need to also accept
files we need to create out more and typewrite multi data part.
So let's go and see this thing in action.
Let's see why our form is now actually receiving files so this time we cannot receive files because
it's missing the Antibes So let's go to pools create and I'll show you right now if you inspect it.
All right let's go right here.
You can see that we don't have that achieve you right.
We don't have the actually view and type anywhere.
So in order for us to add that to our function let's just take this in order for us to add here in this
open function or method.
If you want to call it that we need to actually add it right here as a second parameter or as yes a
third parameter actually.
And we get to say files equals true that's all.
So we the key files and then we got a value true.
So that's what it is.
This associate of array if you want to call it that we refresh it.
And now if we go back to it you can see that the anti was automatically added there once we we placed
that key.
OK.
Super cool stuff right.
All right.
So now that we have our form mortified.
The next step is to actually create the input right because we don't have any input here for that to
all build right.
We don't have that little button.
So let's go ahead and create that.
And I was thinking maybe we should create or above this one.
So let's create a real quick.
As a matter of fact already the I show you guys how to do this already.
Tets field is a little snippet.
So this is where it comes in handy.
You see that.
OK a few.
For some reason they now follow me when I show you how to create snippets on the last section or one
of the sections in the courses.
Make sure that you just copy one of these guys and just paste them in here and just change this.
Let's change this to say something like.
Actually we don't even need a label for the input writing this info type is going to be.
First of all let's give it a name.
All right so it's going to be a file and then we can just call this file like this.
All right.
And we can take all this off.
Now let's look at it and see how it looks.
Refresh.
And as you can see right here what is above the title is actually make sure it's below the title.
Who's right here.
I think that's all that's better there.
Now don't worry about this being now formatted now being formatted when bootstrap will take care of
that when we build a real really nice application we will be building OK.
But meanwhile let's just leave it like this.
OK.
We have one in which too much time on the waste.
All right so now that we modify our form right to accept files and we created this input.
Now we need to receive the data.
So that's going to that's going to be the next lecture.
Okay.
Thank you so much for watching.
And I see you then.
Bye bye.